CLOUD ACCOUNT
CLOUD ACCOUNT
1.
Go to the AWS website: Open your web browser and navigate to the AWS website at
https://aws.amazon.com/.
the AWS website: Open your web browser andnavigate
https://aws.amazon.com/.
2. Click on "Create an AWS Account": On the AWS homepage , "Create an AWS Account."
3. Provide your email address: Enter email address and choose "I am a new user" sign in using that account.
4. Enter personal information: Fill in your personal information
5. Choose your account type: Select whether creating an account for personal use or for your organization.
6. Enter your payment information: AWS requires a valid payment method to verify your identity and prevent
abuse of their services.
Click on "Create an AWS Account": On the AWS homepage , "Create an AWS Account."
Provide your email address: Enter email address and choose "I am a new user"
sign in using that account.
Enter personal information: Fill in your personal information
Choose your account type: Select whether creating an account for personal use or for your organization.
Enter your payment information: AWS requires a valid payment method to verify your identity andprevent
abuse oftheir services.
8. Read and accept the AWS Customer Agreement: click on the checkbox to accept them.
9. Complete the signup process: After accepting the terms, click on the "Create Account and Continue" button to
complete the signup process.
Identity verification: AWS mayrequire additional identity verification steps to ensure the security ofyour
account. This might involve receiving a phone call or text message witha verification code.
Read and accept the AWS Customer Agreement: click onthe checkbox to accept them.
Complete the signup process: After accepting the terms,
click on the "Create Account and Continue" button to
complete the signup process.
10. Verify your contact information: AWS may send you a verification email to confirm email address.
11. Set up your support plan: Choose a support plan based on needs. AWS offers a range of support plans,
including a free basic plan and paid support plans with varying levels of support and features.
. Verify your contact information: AWS may send you a verification email
confirm email address.
. Set
your support plan: Choose a support plan based on needs. AWS offers a range of support plans,
including a free basic plan and paid support plans with varying levels ofsupport and features.
12. Set up your account preferences: Once your account is set up, configure additional settings such as preferred
language, billing preferences, and notifications.
. Set
your account preferences: Once your account is set up, configure additional settings such as preferred
language, billing preferences, and notifications.
13. Access your AWS Management Console: Once your account is fully set up, log in to the AWS Management
Console using your email address and password to start using AWS services.
. Access your AWS Management Console: Once your account is fully set up, log in
Console using your email address and password
aws
Root user sign ine
Welcome to a new
world of work with
Amazon Q
Your generative Al-powered
Petns tay ae citeatats cetera
paeee tae ollteat eit te
etree
pened
start using AWS services.
the AWS Management
7. Identity verification: AWS may require additional identity verification steps to ensure the security of your
account. This might involve receiving a phone call or text message with a verification code.
the AWS website at
XG
$36ini xX| Gohowms x | G KSITM-
console/home?nc2=h_ct&region=Uus-east-1 &src=header-signin#
TAlt+S]
Console Home ino
=
Recently visited info
i
OE)
| Reset reed
todefa
i: Applications (0) info
Region: USEast
(N.Virginia)
Service Quotas
us-east-1 (Current Region) ¥ || Q Fir
Billing and Cost Management
Security credentials
a | Description
No applications
Get started by creating an application
Create application
Deco
one
x| IM Inbox(
©chatar x
Go to myApplications
[eSett
ra
a
CeCe
a
Re
ia
= Piya
a
NDwPwWnd

